Say it again just now.
If this wild man came out of nowhere
Shouldn't you be a little bastard's wild father?
Good good
Family reunion
Sister-in-law, how dare you hit me?
You scolded Yaoyao three sentences for clearing blood
These four slaps are your lesson
Apologize to them now.
How dare you hit my mother?
Yaoyao
Xiao Chen, why are you so stupid?
I don't know, I didn't expect to hide for a while
This is a flower that is difficult to bud
It's not like those lost problems
What's wrong with not teaching your parents?
You made such a little beast
Liu Qingxue
Where did you get something like a sports dog?
How dare you bully my son?
Mrs. Zhao, what happened?
What else could happen?
It was his daughter who tripped over my son
I want to get a certificate from him to solve it.
Not only unrepentant
And found a stinky hooligan to beat me
outrageous
That's not true.
Obviously, his son maliciously became my daughter
So shut up
You kneel down and apologize to Mrs. Zhao and Long Long
My apology is not enough
This little bastard must be fired